Update tidb-configuration and system variables for 6.1 (#8689)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Default value: `OFF`
- This variable controls whether to enable concurrency for the `Apply` operator. The number of concurrencies is controlled by the `tidb_executor_concurrency` variable. The `Apply` operator processes correlated subqueries and has no concurrency by default, so the execution speed is slow. Setting this variable value to `1` can increase concurrency and speed up execution. Currently, concurrency for `Apply` is disabled by default.

### tidb_enable_prepared_plan_cache <span class="version-mark">New in v6.1.0</span>

- Scope: GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Default value: `ON`

> - Determines whether to enable Plan Cache of the `PREPARE` statement.

Reviewer: This is to align with the Chinese doc in https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/pull/9553
```suggestion
- Determines whether to enable [Prepared Plan Cache](/sql-prepared-plan-cache.md). When it is enabled, the execution plans of `Prepare` and `Execute` are cached so that the subsequent executions skip optimizing the execution plans, which brings performance improvement.
```

> - This setting was previously a tidb.toml option (`prepared-plan-cache.enabled`), but changed to a system variable starting from TiDB 6.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This setting was previously a `tidb.toml` option (`prepared-plan-cache.enabled`), but changed to a system variable starting from TiDB v6.1.0.
```

### tidb_pprof_sql_cpu <span class="version-mark">New in v4.0</span>

- Scope: GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: No
- Default value: `0`
- Range: `[0, 1]`
- This variable is used to control whether to mark the corresponding SQL statement in the profile output to identify and troubleshoot performance issues.

### tidb_prepared_plan_cache_memory_guard_ratio <span class="version-mark">New in v6.1.0</span>

- Scope: GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes

> - Default value: `0.1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Default value: `0.1`
- Range: `[0, 1]`
```

- This setting is used to prevent the tidb.toml option `performance.max-memory` from being exceeded. When `max-memory` * (1 - `tidb_prepared_plan_cache_memory_guard_ratio`) is exceeded, the elements in the LRU are removed.
- This setting was previously a tidb.toml option (`prepared-plan-cache.memory-guard-ratio`), but changed to a system variable starting from TiDB 6.1.

### tidb_prepared_plan_cache_size <span class="version-mark">New in v6.1.0</span>

- Scope: GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Default value: `100`

> - Range: `[1, 100000]`

Reviewer: Align with https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/pull/9553
```suggestion
- Range: `[0, 2147483647]`
```

Author: The minimum value is 1, see the source code: https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/blob/dce5064e9e15d0b17c36f73e21fc71bcaa419e90/sessionctx/variable/sysvar.go#L767

Reviewer: Thanks. I'll correct the Chinese doc.
